feat: swift package setup and OSRM models (#1)
stadiamaps/osrm-openapi: README.md

# OSRM OpenAPI

> OpenAPI spec and generation script to build OSRM Models for various platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI spec and generation script to build ([Valhalla](https://github.com/valhalla/valhalla)-flavored) OSRM Models for various platforms.
```

> ## Building OSRM Models

Reviewer: Probably add a few words about dependencies. I'm assuming just `brew install` the latest openapi-generator or something.

```sh
./generate_models.sh swift
```

* `--clean` delete the .build and generated folder.

## References 

> - OSRM Open API Initial Source - <https://github.com/1papaya/osrm-openapi>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenAPI spec based on <https://github.com/1papaya/osrm-openapi>, released under the MIT license
```
